# RAMpool
CPU/GPU Miner pool where miner have.025% mining fees for lower hashrate ASCI proof coins. No ASCI MINING IS PERMITTED!  ANY INDIVIDUAL USING ASCI MINING EQUIPMENT  IN THIS POOL WILL AUTOMATTICALLY  LOSE!  ALL MINED VALUES! And values will be evenly redistributed among current miner contracts. This pool is part of USpool.org and is Bona-fide contract only! All hashrates below 150 h/s can enjoy 0%fees and Auto-import feature upon contract termination with any other pool. Auto-import bona-fide 0%mining contracts temporary account assignment applied with Auto-Approve American Bona-fide! Is miner discretion. Because of .025% pool fees Bona-fide miners may choose alternate sources for mining pools applications.

https://github.com/zachwylde00/RAMpool.org

USpool.org
Mining pool for US resident/citizen auto-pool with smart detection will find miner and port TO eliminate fees (ethhash zcash sha256 etc. etc:asci miner)asci miners.can only auto-update as new contract or expired ContracReserveBona-fidePoolingOnly to 0% - .025% Poolfees Standard TXfees: Min 3 sats per byte - Max 22sats per byte all other miners can use .05% - 1.5%fees based on location Hashrate. Customery Txfees of origin residency. Available after account creation/approvedTemporary auto-creation. NO OTHER MINING OR MINER CONTRACT IS HONORED! GPU/CPU Miners See RAMpool.org. Supports Transparency in decentralization

RAMpool.org is a bona-fide mining contract online-automation-activity and hashing/hashes algorithms and encryptions encrypted data protocol transmission servers/ temporary servers /auto-imports /temporary automated designations for proof of bona-fide miner contractat 0% - 1.5% pool fees only. All United States State and Federal rules and regulations including transmission and hashes transmission and hashing algorithms processes and activity applied as automated service and automated with random check updates allowed actions by constitutionary protected and sanctioned activity allowed by administrative and governing bodies for the purpose of rules and or regulations protocols and OR precedures and any allowable activity bound by the amendments of the constitution of The United States of America Furthermore, No Individual Entity nor Body et.al shall indemnify enaliable actions OR rights and with consideration of preservation applied applicable in and by the United States Constition and for Americans Bona-fide. mutexlocktime(050520201531599) Temporary Servers Server Storage for network application and test Manditory Https://rampool/stratumtcp/us_ashburn-1@oraclecloud.com/clientid/tempid example: uspool. org account "https://rampool/stratumtcp/us_ashburn-1@oraclecloud.com/6bdec08622714aabb3be0067937652d" Toenforce P2P actions and dependencies BTC protocol ALT Coins Protocol P2P Coins Protocol EthHash Protocol Zcash Protocol Equihash Protocol include 195,4 200,5 194,5 144,5 hash transaction only mining is supported in RAMpool All hashing algorithm transmission protocol NIST.org Standards rules and regulation Applied GenevaSanctionedStandardProtocolandRegulationsEnforced NIST.org/TransmissionofHashes/testing/Standardsshould be applied to any/all foreseeable applied hashing transmissions and hashes transmitting devices All RAMpool actions SUBJECT:to random US federal and/or state Policy Protocol Standards Checks and Unauthorized Hashes penalties Intrastate laws and federal rules and regulations are applied and enforced on and throughout RAMpool. USpool Protocol copyright 2020
